Remove waveform terms (#69)
AMWA-TV/nmos-edid-connection-management: docs/EDID to Receiver Caps Mapping.md

It operates with Video Identification Codes (VICs), each of them is associated with a union of frame width, height and rate and interlace mode. This mapping is defined in [CTA-861][CTA-861] section 4.1.

> Some of VICs are marked as associated with two flavours of the same mode: with a frame rate that is an integer multiple of 6 Hz and a frame rate adjusted by a factor of 1000/1001. Such VICs MUST be described with `urn:x-nmos:cap:format:grain_rate` supporting the both frame rates.

Reviewer: "the both frame rates" ... do you mean "both frame rates"

Author: ```suggestion
Some of VICs are marked as associated with two flavours of the same mode: with a frame rate that is an integer multiple of 6 Hz and a frame rate adjusted by a factor of 1000/1001. Such VICs MUST be described with `urn:x-nmos:cap:format:grain_rate` supporting both frame rates.
```

The supported color subsampling formats in the CTA Extension Header ([CTA-861][CTA-861] section 7.5) indicate `YCbCr-4:2:2` and `YCbCr-4:4:4` support in addition to `RGB`.

YCbCr 4:2:0 Capability Map Data Block ([CTA-861][CTA-861] section 7.5.11) shows which video modes support `YCbCr-4:2:0` in addition to subsampling formats listed in the CTA Extension Header. Constraint Sets associated with these video modes MUST contain `YCbCr-4:2:0` within the possible values for `urn:x-nmos:cap:format:color_sampling`.

YCbCr 4:2:0 Video Data Block ([CTA-861][CTA-861] section 7.5.10) marks video modes as supporting only `YCbCr-4:2:0`. Constraint Sets associated with these video modes MUST have `urn:x-nmos:cap:format:color_sampling` limited to `YCbCr-4:2:0`.

### Color component depth

_Color Bit Depth_ of _Video Input Definition_ described in [E-EDID A2][E-EDID] section 3.6.1 MUST be transformed into `urn:x-nmos:cap:format:component_depth` and MUST be added to each Constraint Set.

Vendor-Specific Data Block ([CTA-861][CTA-861] section 7.5.4) SHOULD be transformed into `urn:x-nmos:cap:format:component_depth` if contains related information.

### Colorspace

> Colorimetry Data Block ([CTA-861][CTA-861] section 7.5.5) SHOULD be transformed into `urn:x-nmos:cap:format:colorspace` if contains related information.

Reviewer: "if contains related information" ... do you mean "with related information" ?

Author: Originally, I meant "if the Data Block is present and contains related information". Maybe the following will express both intentions.
```suggestion
Colorimetry Data Block ([CTA-861][CTA-861] section 7.5.5) SHOULD be transformed into `urn:x-nmos:cap:format:colorspace` with related information if present.
```
